Manual/semi-automatic performance regression checking (#356)
ImperialCollegeLondon/pyrealm: CONTRIBUTING.md

Even if the code works as expected and passes all our tests, it can still be slow! We
use code profiling to work out where time is spent when using `pyrealm` and identify
where we can improve performance. We also use benchmarking between `pyrealm` versions to
make sure that changes to the code aren't making it slower.

> This is currently runmanually using the `performance_regression_checking.sh` script in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is currently run manually using the `performance_regression_checking.sh` script in
```

Even if the code works as expected and passes all our tests, it can still be slow! We
use code profiling to work out where time is spent when using `pyrealm` and identify
where we can improve performance. We also use benchmarking between `pyrealm` versions to
make sure that changes to the code aren't making it slower.

This is currently run manually using the `performance_regression_checking.sh` script in
the `profiling` directory. When this bash script is run without an argument, the current
`HEAD` will be compared to the `origin/develop` branch. Alternatively, the two commits
to be compared can be provided as parameters with `-n` for the "new" commit (the current
HEAD, or code you have changed), and `-o` for the "old" commit (the baseline code you
want to compare the perfomance against). The code will fail with an error message if the
new performance is more than 5% slower than the baseline, otherwise it will succeed with

> a message indicating whether the new code is faster or has similar performance.
> 
> To look deeper into how much time is spent in each function, the command

Reviewer 2: Just to make it clear that this needs to be run from within `profiling` and within a `poetry` shell to make sure that the required python packages are present.

````suggestion
a message indicating whether the new code is faster or has similar performance.

```sh
cd profiling
poetry run performance_regression_checking.sh
```

To look deeper into how much time is spent in each function, the command
````

Even if the code works as expected and passes all our tests, it can still be slow! We
use code profiling to work out where time is spent when using `pyrealm` and identify
where we can improve performance. We also use benchmarking between `pyrealm` versions to
make sure that changes to the code aren't making it slower. This is run automatically
when new code is pulled to the `develop` or `main` branches but can also be used to do
local profiling and benchmarking.

See the [profiling and benchmarking

> page](https://pyrealm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/development/profiling_and_benchmarking.md)

Author: That link doe not work. Looking at https://github.com/ImperialCollegeLondon/pyrealm/blob/develop/docs/source/development/profiling_and_benchmarking.md , a lot of that information is also no longer valid. We will need to adapt that when we have decided how to proceed (i.e., keep the old benchmarking code, if and when to run the new code automatically, etc.)
